Now what if you want to add a property since you got all those methods for getting or setting existing
properties reflect probably also has some ways to define new properties.
Right.
Yes of course it does.
And basically it works the same way as object defined property works which you probably might already
know it was there and he is 5 and it's a static method on the object object which allows us to define
new properties and give them some configuration like for example making them read only if you're not
aware of what I'm talking off.
You might check arge chess and non-chess object fine property and you'll find an article in the end
the end and as I said this this is five that's not E6.
And here you will learn how this works.
Basically it allows you to add a new property and configured a property as I explained for example to
make it read only.
Well let's say I wanted to add a new property to my instantiated person object your.
Well then I could call reflect divine property as my object so person in this case passed the name of
the property I want to create.
Let's say it's hobbies and then the first argument is a Chalis the object in which I configured this
new property.
Now there are a couple of available keys I can set here and just check out the article I showed you
before.
For more information on those keys but I'll give you some examples here too.
For example by default this property will be read only.
Which means you can't change it.
We did find this here once but there are three you won't be able to change it in order to change this
.
You can make it writable and said this to true.
You also can provide de-value field which is especially you board and if you don't make it right to
Bill because you set the value of this property the default value.
Now for example here I could set this to an array of my hobbies like sports or king.
You also could set the configurable the this would allow you to specify if one should be able to change
this configuration here after the property has been created and that defaults to false.
So if those keys here I'm creating this new property and therefore I can simply print that out and I'll
use dot notation.
But this president or hobbies.
What do you think we'll see if and how he'd run
sports and cooking because no I created this new property and I initialize these values.
And as I said it's ridable.
So I can also access hobbies instead of equal to just nothing because I'm a very hobby less man.
So if you know have run what we see nothing because I was able to overwrite it.
If I remove ridable here though.
Well what do you think will now help.
My guess you know the answer while we still see sports and cooking so we still see the default values
so that call didn't throw an error but it didn't do anything to it.
So it's just there but doesn't change anything because it's not rideable.
But as I explained the configuration you can pass here didn't change it's the same as an East fifes
.
Definitely check out the article I showed earlier.
Now sometimes you also want to delete a property and not just define one.
You were already able to do this with the delete key word here but let's say if I wanted to the leads
to age of the person and then I try to access it for print this I would see undefined because I deleted
the age property.
Now if I remove this we see twenty seven again.
Now the bad thing about the delete key word is of course.
Well it's a keyword.
We define a property with in the past object defined property or reflect defined property now.
But if we delete it with a keyword that's very inconsistent.
And therefore it's no wonder that we also got the refl. API Meffert eat property and it's really straightforward
to define which is sort of which object person.
And in the name of the property like H.
But for now it's run well we all know what we expect right.
We get undefined because age was deleted but now we have this clean method call on the reflect the API
and not the key words you have to remember.
And that really is what this refl. API is all around all about getting stuff together and not having
it scattered around scattered out for the script language environment.